src/runtime.coffee.md, before:

## runtime

> *Ye olde imperatif guhk*

Low-level functions and iterators, implemented imperatively for performance.
This module is imported by the `operators` module, which in turn exports these
functions together with a set of derived operations expressed functionally.

##### Conventions

An **iterator** is any object that conforms to the [ES6 Iterator protocol][0].

A lazy **sequence**, and likewise values dereferenced from a `sequence`
identifier, may be either a proper `Sequence` instance, or a logical sequence
in the form of a function that creates and returns an iterator, such as a
generator function.

Most of this module’s **sequencing functions** are paired with a corresponding
**iterator class** (e.g. `range` and `RangeIterator`) that defines a `next`
method.

In most `next` method definitions there is a `source` identifier, which refers
to an iterator.

[0]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/The_Iterator_protocol


    { slice } = Array::



### Private functions

    __assert_unfinished__ = ( iteratorOutput ) ->
      do __throw_iterator_finished__ if iteratorOutput.done

    __send_to_output__ = ( out, value, done ) ->
      out.value = value
      out.done = done
      out

    __send_part_to_output__ = ( out, array ) ->
      a = array.slice()
      __send_to_output__ out, ( -> new ArrayIterator a ), no

    __throw_iterator_finished__ = ->
      throw new Error "Iterator has already finished"

    __throw_not_sequential__ = ->
      throw new Error "Object is not sequential"



### Utility functions

    generatorOf = ( iterable ) ->
      return empty unless iterable?
      if typeof iterable is 'function'
        -> iterable()
      else if typeof iterable.__iterator__ is 'function'
        -> iterable.__iterator__()
      else if typeof iterable.next is 'function'
        -> iterable
      else if typeof iterable.length is 'number'
        -> new ArrayIterator iterable
      else empty

    iteratorOf = ( sequence ) ->
      iterator = ( callable sequence )?.call?()
      do __throw_not_sequential__ unless typeof iterator?.next is 'function'
      iterator

    callable = ( object ) ->
      if typeof object.call is 'function'
      then object
      else generatorOf object

    sum = ->
      x = 0; i = 0; while i < arguments.length
        x += arguments[i++]
      x

    multiply = ->
      x = 1; i = 0; while i < arguments.length
        x *= arguments[i++]
      x

    toArray = ( sequence, limit = Infinity ) ->
      out = []
      return out unless sequence?
      iterator = iteratorOf sequence
      i = 0; while i++ < limit
        { value, done } = iterator.next()
        break if done
        out.push value
      out



### General iterator classes


    class IteratorOutput
      constructor: ( @value ) -> @done = no


#### ArrayIterator

    class ArrayIterator
      constructor: ( @array ) ->
        @index = 0
        @out = new IteratorOutput

      next: ->
        { array, index, out } = this
        __assert_unfinished__ out
        if index < array.length
          out.value = array[ index ]
        else
          out.value = undefined
          out.done = yes
        @index += 1
        out


#### PairwiseArrayIterator

    class PairwiseArrayIterator
      constructor: ( @array ) ->
        throw new Error "Odd number of elements" if array.length % 2
        @index = 0
        @out = new IteratorOutput []

      next: ->
        { array, index, out } = this
        __assert_unfinished__ out
        if index < array.length
          out.value[0] = array[ index ]
          out.value[1] = array[ index + 1 ]
        else
          out.value[0] = undefined
          out.value[1] = undefined
          out.done = yes
        @index += 2
        out



### Sequencing functions

Return sequences as functions that return specifically typed iterators.


#### empty

    empty = -> new EmptyIterator

    class EmptyIterator
      constructor: -> @out = new IteratorOutput

      next: ->
        { out } = this
        __assert_unfinished__ out
        out.done = yes
        out


#### repeat

    repeat = ( value ) -> -> new RepeatIterator value

    class RepeatIterator
      constructor: ( value ) -> @out = new IteratorOutput value
      next: -> @out


#### cycle

    cycle = ( sequence ) -> -> new CycleIterator sequence

    class CycleIterator
      constructor: ( @sequence ) ->
        @source = iteratorOf sequence
        @out = new IteratorOutput

      next: ->
        __assert_unfinished__ out = @out
        { value, done } = @source.next()
        if done
          { value, done } = ( @source = iteratorOf @sequence ).next()
        out.value = value
        out.done = done
        out


#### iterate

    iterate = ( fn, seed ) -> -> new IterateIterator fn, seed

    class IterateIterator
      constructor: ( @fn, seed ) ->
        @iterated = no
        @out = new IteratorOutput seed

      next: ->
        { out } = this
        if @iterated
          out.value = @fn out.value
        else
          @iterated = yes
        out.done = no
        out


#### interleave

    interleave = ( sequence, rest ) ->
      if not sequence?
        empty
      else if not rest?
        callable sequence
      else
        sequences = toArray map iteratorOf, arguments
        -> new InterleaveIterator sequences

    class InterleaveIterator
      constructor: ( @sources ) ->
        @column = []
        @index = 0
        @out = new IteratorOutput

      next: ->
        { sources, column, index, out } = this
        __assert_unfinished__ out
        { length } = sources
        unless index
          column.length = 0
          i = 0; while i < length
            sourceIteration = sources[ i++ ].next()
            if out.done = sourceIteration.done
              out.value = undefined
              return out
            else
              column.push sourceIteration.value
        out.value = column[ index ]
        @index = ( index + 1 ) % length
        out


#### range

    range = ( start, end, step ) -> switch arguments.length
      when 0 then -> new RangeIterator 0, Infinity, 1
      when 1 then -> new RangeIterator 0, start, 1
      when 2 then -> new RangeIterator start, end, 1
      else        -> new RangeIterator start, end, step

    class RangeIterator
      constructor: ( start, @end, @step ) ->
        @value = start
        @out = new IteratorOutput

      next: ->
        { value, out } = this
        __assert_unfinished__ out
        if out.done = @end <= value
          out.value = undefined
        else
          out.value = value
          @value = value + @step
        out


#### filter

    filter = ( predicate, sequence ) -> ->
      new FilterIterator predicate, iteratorOf sequence

    class FilterIterator
      constructor: ( @predicate, @source ) ->
        @out = new IteratorOutput

      next: ->
        { predicate, source, out } = this
        __assert_unfinished__ out
        loop
          { value, done } = source.next()
          if out.done = done
            out.value = undefined
          else if predicate value
            out.value = value
          else continue
          return out


#### map

    map = ( fn, sequence, rest ) ->
      if not sequence? then empty
      else if not rest? then __map_one__ fn, sequence
      else __map_variadic__ fn, slice.call arguments, 1

    __map_one__ = ( fn, sequence ) -> ->
      new MapIterator fn, iteratorOf sequence

    __map_variadic__ = ( fn, sequences ) -> ->
      new MapIterator_variadic fn, toArray __map_one__ iteratorOf, sequences

    class MapIterator
      constructor: ( @fn, @source ) ->
        @out = new IteratorOutput

      next: ->
        __assert_unfinished__ out = @out
        { value, done } = @source.next()
        if out.done = done
          out.value = undefined
        else
          out.value = @fn value
        out

    class MapIterator_variadic
      constructor: ( @fn, @sources ) ->
        @values = []
        @out = new IteratorOutput

      next: ->
        { sources, values, out } = this
        __assert_unfinished__ out
        for source in sources
          { value, done } = source.next()
          if out.done = done
            out.value = undefined
            return out
          else
            values.push value
        out.value = @fn.apply null, values
        out.done = no
        values.length = 0
        out


#### reduce

    reduce = ( fn, seed, sequence ) ->
      source = reductions( fn, seed, sequence ).call()
      loop
        iteration = source.next()
        return value if iteration.done
        { value } = iteration


#### reductions

    reductions = ( fn, seed, sequence ) ->
      unless sequence?
        sequence = seed
        seed = undefined
      -> new ReductionIterator fn, seed, iteratorOf sequence

    class ReductionIterator
      constructor: ( @fn, seed, @source ) ->
        if seed?
          value = seed
        else
          { value, done } = source.next()
          if done
            value = fn()
            @fn = null # signals `next` that `source` is 0 length
        @pre = value
        @out = new IteratorOutput

      next: ->
        { fn, out, source, pre } = this
        __assert_unfinished__ out

        unless source?
          return __send_to_output__ out, undefined, yes

        unless fn?
          @source = null
          return __send_to_output__ out, pre, no

        { value, done } = source.next()
        __send_to_output__ out, pre, no
        if done
          @source = null
        else
          @pre = fn pre, value
        out


#### concat

    concat = ->
      return empty unless arguments.length
      sequences = slice.call arguments
      -> new ConcatIterator sequences

    class ConcatIterator
      constructor: ( @sequences ) ->
        @source = iteratorOf sequences[0]
        @index = 0
        @out = new IteratorOutput

      next: ->
        __assert_unfinished__ out = @out
        { value, done } = @source.next()
        if done
          if sequence = @sequences[ ++@index ]
            out.value = value
            out.done = no
            @source = iteratorOf sequence
            return @next()
          else
            value = undefined
            done = yes
        out.value = value
        out.done = done
        out


#### partition

    partition = ( size, stride, padding, sequence ) -> switch arguments.length
      when 0, 1 then throw new TypeError
      when 2 then partition size, size, null, stride
      when 3 then partition size, stride, null, padding
      else -> new PartitionIterator size, stride, padding, iteratorOf sequence

    class PartitionIterator
      constructor: ( @size, stride, @padding, @source ) ->
        @gap = stride - size
        @part = null
        @out = new IteratorOutput

      pad = ( part, padding, amount ) ->
        if padding? and source = iteratorOf padding
          i = 0; while i < amount
            { value, done } = source.next()
            break if done
            part.push value
            i++
        part

      next: ->
        { size, padding, source, gap, out } = this
        __assert_unfinished__ out
        return __send_to_output__ out, undefined, yes unless @source?

        i = 0; part = gap < 0 and @part or []; while part.length < size
          { value, done } = source.next()
          if done
            @source = null
            unless i and padding?
              return __send_to_output__ out, undefined, yes
            if part.length
              pad part, padding, size - part.length
            return __send_part_to_output__ out, part
          i = part.push value

        if gap < 0
          @part = part.slice gap
        else if gap > 0
          i = 0; while i++ < gap
            if source.next().done then @source = null; break

        __send_part_to_output__ out, part


#### partitionBy

    partitionBy = ( fn, sequence ) -> ->
      new PartitionByIterator fn, iteratorOf sequence

    class PartitionByIterator
      constructor: ( @fn, @source ) ->
        { value, done } = source.next()
        return new EmptyIterator if done
        @backvalue = value
        @label = fn value
        @part = []
        @out = new IteratorOutput

      next: ->
        { fn, source, part, out } = this
        __assert_unfinished__ out
        return __send_to_output__ out, undefined, yes unless source?

        loop
          { value, done } = source.next()
          if done
            @source = null
            part.push @backvalue
            __send_part_to_output__ out, part, no
            break

          part.push @backvalue
          @backvalue = value

          if @label isnt label = fn value
            @label = label
            __send_part_to_output__ out, part, no
            break

        part.length = 0
        out


#### takeWhile

    takeWhile = ( predicate, sequence ) -> ->
      new TakeIterator predicate, iteratorOf sequence

    class TakeIterator
      constructor: ( @predicate, @source ) ->
        @count = 0
        @out = new IteratorOutput

      next: ->
        __assert_unfinished__ out = @out
        { value, done } = @source.next()
        if not done and @predicate value, @count++
          out.value = value
          out.done = no
        else
          out.value = undefined
          out.done = yes
        out


#### dropWhile

    dropWhile = ( predicate, sequence ) -> ->
      new DropIterator predicate, iteratorOf sequence

    class DropIterator
      constructor: ( @predicate, @source ) ->
        count = 0; while not done and predicate value, count++
          { value, done } = source.next()
        @count = count
        @out = new IteratorOutput value
        @out.done = done

      next: ->
        __assert_unfinished__ out = @out
        { value, done } = @source.next()
        if out.done = done
          out.value = undefined
        else
          out.value = value
        out



* * *

    module.exports = {
      generatorOf
      sum
      multiply
      toArray
      empty
      repeat
      cycle
      iterate
      interleave
      range
      filter
      map
      reduce
      reductions
      concat
      partition
      partitionBy
      takeWhile
      dropWhile
    }

Commit message:

add commentary to `ReductionIterator`
Explains impetus and implementation for reducing zero-length sequences
to the reducer’s monoidal identity value.

src/runtime.coffee.md, after:

## runtime

> *Ye olde imperatif guhk*

Low-level functions and iterators, implemented imperatively for performance.
This module is imported by the `operators` module, which in turn exports these
functions together with a set of derived operations expressed functionally.

##### Conventions

An **iterator** is any object that conforms to the [ES6 Iterator protocol][0].

A lazy **sequence**, and likewise values dereferenced from a `sequence`
identifier, may be either a proper `Sequence` instance, or a logical sequence
in the form of a function that creates and returns an iterator, such as a
generator function.

Most of this module’s **sequencing functions** are paired with a corresponding
**iterator class** (e.g. `range` and `RangeIterator`) that defines a `next`
method.

In most `next` method definitions there is a `source` identifier, which refers
to an iterator.

[0]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/The_Iterator_protocol


    { slice } = Array::



### Private functions

    __assert_unfinished__ = ( iteratorOutput ) ->
      do __throw_iterator_finished__ if iteratorOutput.done

    __send_to_output__ = ( out, value, done ) ->
      out.value = value
      out.done = done
      out

    __send_part_to_output__ = ( out, array ) ->
      a = array.slice()
      __send_to_output__ out, ( -> new ArrayIterator a ), no

    __throw_iterator_finished__ = ->
      throw new Error "Iterator has already finished"

    __throw_not_sequential__ = ->
      throw new Error "Object is not sequential"



### Utility functions

    generatorOf = ( iterable ) ->
      return empty unless iterable?
      if typeof iterable is 'function'
        -> iterable()
      else if typeof iterable.__iterator__ is 'function'
        -> iterable.__iterator__()
      else if typeof iterable.next is 'function'
        -> iterable
      else if typeof iterable.length is 'number'
        -> new ArrayIterator iterable
      else empty

    iteratorOf = ( sequence ) ->
      iterator = ( callable sequence )?.call?()
      do __throw_not_sequential__ unless typeof iterator?.next is 'function'
      iterator

    callable = ( object ) ->
      if typeof object.call is 'function'
      then object
      else generatorOf object

    sum = ->
      x = 0; i = 0; while i < arguments.length
        x += arguments[i++]
      x

    multiply = ->
      x = 1; i = 0; while i < arguments.length
        x *= arguments[i++]
      x

    toArray = ( sequence, limit = Infinity ) ->
      out = []
      return out unless sequence?
      iterator = iteratorOf sequence
      i = 0; while i++ < limit
        { value, done } = iterator.next()
        break if done
        out.push value
      out



### General iterator classes


    class IteratorOutput
      constructor: ( @value ) -> @done = no


#### ArrayIterator

    class ArrayIterator
      constructor: ( @array ) ->
        @index = 0
        @out = new IteratorOutput

      next: ->
        { array, index, out } = this
        __assert_unfinished__ out
        if index < array.length
          out.value = array[ index ]
        else
          out.value = undefined
          out.done = yes
        @index += 1
        out


#### PairwiseArrayIterator

    class PairwiseArrayIterator
      constructor: ( @array ) ->
        throw new Error "Odd number of elements" if array.length % 2
        @index = 0
        @out = new IteratorOutput []

      next: ->
        { array, index, out } = this
        __assert_unfinished__ out
        if index < array.length
          out.value[0] = array[ index ]
          out.value[1] = array[ index + 1 ]
        else
          out.value[0] = undefined
          out.value[1] = undefined
          out.done = yes
        @index += 2
        out



### Sequencing functions

Return sequences as functions that return specifically typed iterators.


#### empty

    empty = -> new EmptyIterator

    class EmptyIterator
      constructor: -> @out = new IteratorOutput

      next: ->
        { out } = this
        __assert_unfinished__ out
        out.done = yes
        out


#### repeat

    repeat = ( value ) -> -> new RepeatIterator value

    class RepeatIterator
      constructor: ( value ) -> @out = new IteratorOutput value
      next: -> @out


#### cycle

    cycle = ( sequence ) -> -> new CycleIterator sequence

    class CycleIterator
      constructor: ( @sequence ) ->
        @source = iteratorOf sequence
        @out = new IteratorOutput

      next: ->
        __assert_unfinished__ out = @out
        { value, done } = @source.next()
        if done
          { value, done } = ( @source = iteratorOf @sequence ).next()
        out.value = value
        out.done = done
        out


#### iterate

    iterate = ( fn, seed ) -> -> new IterateIterator fn, seed

    class IterateIterator
      constructor: ( @fn, seed ) ->
        @iterated = no
        @out = new IteratorOutput seed

      next: ->
        { out } = this
        if @iterated
          out.value = @fn out.value
        else
          @iterated = yes
        out.done = no
        out


#### interleave

    interleave = ( sequence, rest ) ->
      if not sequence?
        empty
      else if not rest?
        callable sequence
      else
        sequences = toArray map iteratorOf, arguments
        -> new InterleaveIterator sequences

    class InterleaveIterator
      constructor: ( @sources ) ->
        @column = []
        @index = 0
        @out = new IteratorOutput

      next: ->
        { sources, column, index, out } = this
        __assert_unfinished__ out
        { length } = sources
        unless index
          column.length = 0
          i = 0; while i < length
            sourceIteration = sources[ i++ ].next()
            if out.done = sourceIteration.done
              out.value = undefined
              return out
            else
              column.push sourceIteration.value
        out.value = column[ index ]
        @index = ( index + 1 ) % length
        out


#### range

    range = ( start, end, step ) -> switch arguments.length
      when 0 then -> new RangeIterator 0, Infinity, 1
      when 1 then -> new RangeIterator 0, start, 1
      when 2 then -> new RangeIterator start, end, 1
      else        -> new RangeIterator start, end, step

    class RangeIterator
      constructor: ( start, @end, @step ) ->
        @value = start
        @out = new IteratorOutput

      next: ->
        { value, out } = this
        __assert_unfinished__ out
        if out.done = @end <= value
          out.value = undefined
        else
          out.value = value
          @value = value + @step
        out


#### filter

    filter = ( predicate, sequence ) -> ->
      new FilterIterator predicate, iteratorOf sequence

    class FilterIterator
      constructor: ( @predicate, @source ) ->
        @out = new IteratorOutput

      next: ->
        { predicate, source, out } = this
        __assert_unfinished__ out
        loop
          { value, done } = source.next()
          if out.done = done
            out.value = undefined
          else if predicate value
            out.value = value
          else continue
          return out


#### map

    map = ( fn, sequence, rest ) ->
      if not sequence? then empty
      else if not rest? then __map_one__ fn, sequence
      else __map_variadic__ fn, slice.call arguments, 1

    __map_one__ = ( fn, sequence ) -> ->
      new MapIterator fn, iteratorOf sequence

    __map_variadic__ = ( fn, sequences ) -> ->
      new MapIterator_variadic fn, toArray __map_one__ iteratorOf, sequences

    class MapIterator
      constructor: ( @fn, @source ) ->
        @out = new IteratorOutput

      next: ->
        __assert_unfinished__ out = @out
        { value, done } = @source.next()
        if out.done = done
          out.value = undefined
        else
          out.value = @fn value
        out

    class MapIterator_variadic
      constructor: ( @fn, @sources ) ->
        @values = []
        @out = new IteratorOutput

      next: ->
        { sources, values, out } = this
        __assert_unfinished__ out
        for source in sources
          { value, done } = source.next()
          if out.done = done
            out.value = undefined
            return out
          else
            values.push value
        out.value = @fn.apply null, values
        out.done = no
        values.length = 0
        out


#### reduce

    reduce = ( fn, seed, sequence ) ->
      source = reductions( fn, seed, sequence ).call()
      loop
        iteration = source.next()
        return value if iteration.done
        { value } = iteration


#### reductions

    reductions = ( fn, seed, sequence ) ->
      unless sequence?
        sequence = seed
        seed = undefined
      -> new ReductionIterator fn, seed, iteratorOf sequence

Reduction iterators, in the case of a zero-length `source`, must yield a single
value: the result of calling `fn` with no arguments. For a proper monoidal
reducer, this will be its associated **identity value** (e.g.: `sum` → 0;
`multiply` → 1; collection reducers → empty-collection; etc.).

In this implementation, a single iteration is produced from a zero-length
`source` by releasing `fn` in the constructor immediately after it is called
with no arguments, which signals to `next` that the iterator should yield the
`value` held in `pre` once, and then terminate.

    class ReductionIterator
      constructor: ( @fn, seed, @source ) ->
        if seed?
          value = seed
        else
          { value, done } = source.next()
          if done
            value = fn()
            @fn = null
        @pre = value
        @out = new IteratorOutput

      next: ->
        { fn, out, source, pre } = this
        __assert_unfinished__ out

        unless source?
          return __send_to_output__ out, undefined, yes

        unless fn?
          @source = null
          return __send_to_output__ out, pre, no

        { value, done } = source.next()
        __send_to_output__ out, pre, no
        if done
          @source = null
        else
          @pre = fn pre, value
        out


#### concat

    concat = ->
      return empty unless arguments.length
      sequences = slice.call arguments
      -> new ConcatIterator sequences

    class ConcatIterator
      constructor: ( @sequences ) ->
        @source = iteratorOf sequences[0]
        @index = 0
        @out = new IteratorOutput

      next: ->
        __assert_unfinished__ out = @out
        { value, done } = @source.next()
        if done
          if sequence = @sequences[ ++@index ]
            out.value = value
            out.done = no
            @source = iteratorOf sequence
            return @next()
          else
            value = undefined
            done = yes
        out.value = value
        out.done = done
        out


#### partition

    partition = ( size, stride, padding, sequence ) -> switch arguments.length
      when 0, 1 then throw new TypeError
      when 2 then partition size, size, null, stride
      when 3 then partition size, stride, null, padding
      else -> new PartitionIterator size, stride, padding, iteratorOf sequence

    class PartitionIterator
      constructor: ( @size, stride, @padding, @source ) ->
        @gap = stride - size
        @part = null
        @out = new IteratorOutput

      pad = ( part, padding, amount ) ->
        if padding? and source = iteratorOf padding
          i = 0; while i < amount
            { value, done } = source.next()
            break if done
            part.push value
            i++
        part

      next: ->
        { size, padding, source, gap, out } = this
        __assert_unfinished__ out
        return __send_to_output__ out, undefined, yes unless @source?

        i = 0; part = gap < 0 and @part or []; while part.length < size
          { value, done } = source.next()
          if done
            @source = null
            unless i and padding?
              return __send_to_output__ out, undefined, yes
            if part.length
              pad part, padding, size - part.length
            return __send_part_to_output__ out, part
          i = part.push value

        if gap < 0
          @part = part.slice gap
        else if gap > 0
          i = 0; while i++ < gap
            if source.next().done then @source = null; break

        __send_part_to_output__ out, part


#### partitionBy

    partitionBy = ( fn, sequence ) -> ->
      new PartitionByIterator fn, iteratorOf sequence

    class PartitionByIterator
      constructor: ( @fn, @source ) ->
        { value, done } = source.next()
        return new EmptyIterator if done
        @backvalue = value
        @label = fn value
        @part = []
        @out = new IteratorOutput

      next: ->
        { fn, source, part, out } = this
        __assert_unfinished__ out
        return __send_to_output__ out, undefined, yes unless source?

        loop
          { value, done } = source.next()
          if done
            @source = null
            part.push @backvalue
            __send_part_to_output__ out, part, no
            break

          part.push @backvalue
          @backvalue = value

          if @label isnt label = fn value
            @label = label
            __send_part_to_output__ out, part, no
            break

        part.length = 0
        out


#### takeWhile

    takeWhile = ( predicate, sequence ) -> ->
      new TakeIterator predicate, iteratorOf sequence

    class TakeIterator
      constructor: ( @predicate, @source ) ->
        @count = 0
        @out = new IteratorOutput

      next: ->
        __assert_unfinished__ out = @out
        { value, done } = @source.next()
        if not done and @predicate value, @count++
          out.value = value
          out.done = no
        else
          out.value = undefined
          out.done = yes
        out


#### dropWhile

    dropWhile = ( predicate, sequence ) -> ->
      new DropIterator predicate, iteratorOf sequence

    class DropIterator
      constructor: ( @predicate, @source ) ->
        count = 0; while not done and predicate value, count++
          { value, done } = source.next()
        @count = count
        @out = new IteratorOutput value
        @out.done = done

      next: ->
        __assert_unfinished__ out = @out
        { value, done } = @source.next()
        if out.done = done
          out.value = undefined
        else
          out.value = value
        out



* * *

    module.exports = {
      generatorOf
      sum
      multiply
      toArray
      empty
      repeat
      cycle
      iterate
      interleave
      range
      filter
      map
      reduce
      reductions
      concat
      partition
      partitionBy
      takeWhile
      dropWhile
    }
